---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: post
title: Week 3 Plans
description: Plans I have for week 3
courses: { compsci: {week: 3} }
type: plans
---

### Plans:
CSP Code, Code, Coding assignment.

Review. Teacher posts for Linux Shell and Bash, Python IO, Python Tricks!, JS Output, JS Output w/API, JS Input.

Option 1. Add to the lessons and making code cells and hacks for better breakdown and understanding
Option 2. Combine all the concepts/requirements into something unique and you feel is awesome.

- [ ] Make a plan on what you and your Pair plan to do, this must exist by Monday night. You should have proof in live review of a draft in GitHub Issues history.

- [ ] Ask Teacher questions and interact with them on Slack or live by end of Mon, Tue…. particularly interact with Teacher when you have posted a draft of your plan. This would be considered Collaboration. Try to get feedback from me on Plan.

- [ ] Results must have Linux and interaction in VSCode

- [ ] Results must of Python and interaction in VSCode

- [ ] Results must have Web interaction in JavaScript

- [ ] Bring these into GitHub pages repo as Hacks or Tangibles on you Time Box page.

- [ ] Review code with ChatGPT, perhaps ask "Can you provide a review of this code?" Then paste code. Curate response into page(s).

- [ ] Plan your Pair Showcase, know exactly what you will present. Try to do it within 3 minutes.

- [ ] Build a review ticket in Time Box page to accelerate discussion.

- [ ] Be ready for Live review on Wed through Friday